1) Copy all files from Dropbox to desktop

2) Run DLTray.exe (You can run it from DropBox if you want, but make your own folder and add Dropbox to Favorites. If you run it from Daniel's DLTray-Published, his changes will overwrite your local changes.)

3) Right click system tray icon and choose "Edit Settings"

Codes from AutoIT
^ = Ctrl
# = Windows Key
! = Alt

4) Change initial hotkey from Ctrl-Enter if you want (I do)

5) After changes to DLTray.ini, close .ini file, exit DLTray and rerun .exe to make changes.

6) snippetToClipToggleHotkey toggles between Clipboard mode enabled/disabled

7) Right click systray to change language of Snippets (Normal text has most common commands)

8) Right clich systray icon and choose "Mangage Snippets" to create snippets

9) Choose the language you want it added to

10) Give it a name in the Tag Name: box

11) Add text you want to the Snippet Text: box

12) Click Add/Modify to save

13) To modify a snippet, choose it, make changes and click Add/Modify again

14) During the execution, the program can interpret a single line of AutoIt code

15) If you use more than one wildcard in a Snippet, it is hard to control the order of execution

16) When using Snippets, hit key command which opens the snippets window. Choose the snippet you want using the mouse wheel and click OR type the entire name of the snipper OR but NOT the scroll bar OR click "Select a Snippet" from the systray icon.



TO SET UP ENCRYPTION
1) Be sure that encryption is disabled

2) Close the DLTray program

3) Edit the DLTray.ini and set encryptionValue= and set encryptionEnabled=False



ENCRYPTION - OLD
1) Start DLTray.exe

14) Choose Manage Snippets and choose "wildcards" from Languages

1) 

15) Passwords can be stored in "Wildcards" and they will be automatically encrypted. The tags are not encrypted, but the content is.

16) Open DLTray.ini to change encryption value

17) Add a long string to the encryptionvalue= (Choose a long string). Save the file.

18) If you accidentally turn off encryption and cancel the message box, do not turn on the encryption again! Close the program, edit DLTray.ini manually and set the encryptionEnabled=True to False

19) If you double encrypt things on accident, restore the DLsnippets-blank.ini.enc.back

20) If you lose all the encrypted files, restore the DLsnippets-blank.ini


ENCRYPTION - CORRECT
1) Run DLTray.exe

2) Turn on encryption from the list

3) Set the encryption phrase password when asked

4) confirm that encryption is on. A checkmark should show next to the word

5) Choose Manage Snippets and Language Wildcards. You should be able to see your values in plain text

6) Add whatever values you like to the wildcards language

7) Click OK to save them

99) Toggle encryption off and on to ensure that it is working


WILDCARD EXECUTION
1) 


NEW INFO FROM DANIEL ABOUT SNIPPETS ENCRYPTION
I figured out how to resolve it… I haven’t done any code changes yet, but I think I figured out where the problem is code wise.  

Anyway here are the steps to fix encryption bugs that inhibit the use of wildcards:

- Close DLTray
- update dltray.ini to start with encryption off, and encryption string empty
- click to enable encryption
- enter encryption key as requested
- click to disable encryption, enter the encryption key as requested again to decrypt
- start entering wildcards, they should now work without encryption.  This way you will have clear text of your wildcards.  Save this file somewhere safe as a backup if you want, otherwise…
- to use encryption, re-enable; no entering of key needed since it is already saved.

TO RUN ON STARTUP
Put a shortcut to DLTray.exe in C:\Users\09063168.CORPPVT\AppData\Roaming\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs


